I remember seeing someone smiling so hard.
I want to think of it looking like this.
Okay, I must tell Dad about this.
I can't say that there are no serious illnesses.
I told him what's the use, you can make you willing to jaunt.
If you make a big fuss, you will go on your own.
My mom’s journey, my mom’s journey, my mom’s.
I collected them all after using them.
Because whatever is rectangular is considered good for oneself.
Unfortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky.
Lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Do you know who of me will get married?
Mom, I'm sorry
I'm taking you to rest so late at night
Hello, bye
Our family will progress
I want to know that you have entered the action and
Send it to your mobile phone
I'm sorry. I just lied to you in the past two days.
It's impossible for us to have any good ideas about this matter.
It's not you who are dead
It’s me who gives you a rest